hello this is soggy Tina and welcome to
learn my shot comm bang bang bang
what today we are in the studio and we
are going to do some food photography
and our subject today is gumbo gumbo is
a very traditional soup coming from the
south of United States from Louisiana
it's a beautiful thing so let's get on
the set and start shooting well today to
help us out we are going to have a food
stylist on the set so I introduce to you
chef Maria Luisa Rodriguez hi
so what's cooking here sister Oh gumball
of the day uh-huh yeah I'm having some
fun with it
so will you guys guys well what are the
ingredients ah nobody else today we're
having really good nice fresh seafood
for me eastern region of the United
States really tasty Wow I'm crap like
wow okay it smell beautiful um what we
call me ow fish or catfish well I guess
we look cat yeah but you know the best
thing in the world is cajun Cajun spice
catfish you've got it that's one of the
ingredients and and my god this is not
your typical and dewy there's no pork in
this sausage this is seafood that's
really hot good would you like to taste
one it's spicy it's a jalapeno pepper no
it's really good also for your intro
yeah oh this expired on my work I got
away taking Maria and thank you i'm
mr.kidding yes I'll be ready to shoot it
hahaha one just give me five minutes
five minutes alright yeah I better start
running okay so let's talk a little bit
about our setup we have our beautiful
gumbo this beautiful soup right here on
the set we have a nice brown fabric and
the nice to add or drama to the
background the camera is mounted on the
camera stand it's a beautiful thing to
have in a studio very versatile also if
you use tripod when you out hiking no
special mountain climbing that is
definitely a thing to take with you as
you can see having just look at this
thing it's lightweight and compact
really small in your backpack so the
only thing to take with your Quanah hike
well not really well let's talk a little
bit about lighting for our lighting
today we are going to use natural white
they have amazingly beautiful white
coming from the window and food just
loves natural white it's a North spacing
window the beauty about windows that are
facing north is that white stays
consistent throughout the whole day
there's no hard light and you can
actually shoot the consistent light for
six to eight hours depends on the time
of the year but this window even though
it's a real huge window but where is it
about 40 feet we're going to diffuse it
further with a special diffusion it's
made by Roscoe it's a opal top frosted
called opal tough frost and made by
Rosco and let me show you actually the
reason why we use in diffusion even
though the window is so big it's not
completely on
obstructed if you can see there's a
garage in the front that's blocks about
you know third of the window there's a
building on the left there's a building
on the right
there's Empire State Building blocking
bunch of white coming from the top and
we can't really move from fire State
Building guard of the way so by placing
this diffusion we bring in the light
source closer to the subject and the
reason I'm using the pulpit of Frost
because it makes the why the softer but
it doesn't make it too flat it still
allows a lot of white to filter in and
it also allows white to focus sort of
simulating the actual sunlight okay so
I'm going to mount the diffusion on an
arm that they see on the system it comes
to the road to hold up frost as I
mentioned earlier
it's kind of similar to what Robert uses
the well but the difference between WA
well and the top Rose is that it's much
more exclusive and it focuses white a
little bit better so as you can see
though it's still coming through so they
still get those nice nice highlights and
it doesn't really change the nature of
white that much
it just makes our light source a little
bit more controllable and they still get
that beautiful soft light well I thought
it might be a good idea to add a little
steam to the soup cause you've been
sitting on a sudden it's not as hard as
it was so what I'm going to do I'm going
to use I don't smoke wait wait I'm going
to use this cigarette see you know
regular cheap cigar again for like 75
cents to the grocery store and I'm just
going to pretty much without in heaven
just pull the smoke in and then use the
turkey horse is called turkey baster
turkey baster there we go and transform
the smoke and the turkey baster and then
kind of over the soup okay let's see
what happens
okay so the turkey baster is doubtful
smoke and we just going to add it right
onto the soup
well I hope you enjoyed this tutorial on
food photography with natural white and
cooks answer no fuel and take a shot
views on your window egg and remember
this diffusion will help you out and
will first again at learn my shot calm
bye mmm
spicy it's very good your typical and do
we undo it undo we undo it right there's
no pork well soon